Support custom reason in @Disabled* / @Enabled* variants (#2276)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/user-guide/writing-tests.adoc

several other annotation-based conditions in the `org.junit.jupiter.api.condition`
package that allow developers to enable or disable containers and tests _declaratively_.
When multiple `ExecutionCondition` extensions are registered, a container or test is
disabled as soon as one of the conditions returns _disabled_. If you wish to provide
details about why they might be disabled, every annotation associated to these built-in

> conditions have a `disabledReason` attribute available for that purpose.

Author: @marcphilipp something like that?
Should we also mention the fact that there is a default reason?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
disabled as soon as one of the conditions returns _disabled_. If you wish to provide
details about why they might be disabled, every annotation associated with these built-in
conditions has a `disabledReason` attribute available for that purpose.
```

Author: Indeed!
@sbrannen the fate of this sentence is now in your hands... 😁

> disabled as soon as one of the conditions returns _disabled_. If you wish to provide
> details about why they might be disabled, every annotation associated to these built-in
> conditions have a `disabledReason` attribute available for that purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
disabled as soon as one of the conditions returns _disabled_. If you wish to provide
details about why they might be disabled, every annotation associated with these built-in
conditions has a `disabledReason` attribute available for that purpose.
```
